Attack on government
and civilian targets.
Abduction of two prisoners.
What are we dealing with?
Good question.
A boss named Maul
merged Pykes. Crimson Dawn. Black Sun.
I sleep well knowing
I never made a deal with Maul.
And the girl?
She is a Jedi.
How has she survived?
What do you want with me?
You have been indoctrinated
since you were a child.
Now. you must adapt.
What the-- How did you do that?
How did you get out?
So. you are beginning
to see things from a new perspective.
What is this?
Cassius tea?
Please join me.
You know my name. but I don't know yours.
Perhaps we should start there.
- My name?
- Yes. it would be proper.
Please sit.
How is your arm?
Fine.
May I see it?
I can tell that you are settled
on who you believe I am.
Would you like me to be that person?
I am capable.
You are healing well.
I suppose concern for your well-being
doesn't fit
with what you've been told about me.
But I invite you to look more closely.
I see a murderer.
Well. we do what we must to survive.
Perhaps in the days since the Jedi fell.
you can relate?
I know what you're doing.
We're nothing alike.
Are we not?
You were part of an order
poised to serve the Republic.
You don't realize
the fragility of these institutions
until they're ripped away.
I felt certain of my destiny once
as well. but...
...that was before
my master cast me aside.
I had to find my own way.
My brother was murdered.
My mother was murdered.
All by the same enemy
who destroyed your order.
So tell me again. are we nothing alike?
Delightful conversation.
but I'll be going now.
That's good.
I can work with that.
But you won't like it.
I know. Just keep walking.
Sweep of Sectors 5
through 8 complete.
9 to 12 next.
Maybe they've left the city?
Not likely. Keep searching.
Captain. I am recharged
and ready for duty
after a brief but rewarding power down.
It appears intel was gathered
while I was away.
I hope it was not through
one of your deviant connections?
Don't worry about my deviant connections.
Our target is a syndicate leader
known as Maul.
He is associated with several
criminal organizations. including these.
It is of interest that Looti Vario's
smuggling network
has a deal with the Pyke Syndicate.
Exactly.
We need to compile all locations
along the routes
and comb known drop points
for any of the smugglers.
Find them. bring them in for questioning.
You believe they will lead us to Maul
or the location where he is holding Vario?
It is a mundane assessment.
with little chance of a lead.
but worth examining.
Humor me. will ya?
We'll start at the spaceport.
And what of Rylee's match?
That is today. if I am not mistaken.
Right.
I will investigate the ports
on your behalf. Captain.
Unlike you. I am rested.
and enjoy repetitive.
potentially thankless tasks.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
I will update you if we locate
any of Vario's associates.
How does it feel
to wield a lightsaber again?
I suspect you've had to keep yours hidden
for some time.
Even armed. your instinct is to run.
How disappointing.
I'm not foolish enough to fight you.
Foolish? No.
Untested. perhaps.
You were promised a future
that was taken from you too early.
Training vigorously
to achieve something that few could.
only to be denied.
You crave
that unfulfilled destiny.
Your frustration betrays you.
But I see your potential.
Wouldn't your master be impressed
if you killed me?
The Jedi wanted to destroy me.
You could be the one to do it.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! She...
She got out on her own. I had nothing--
Kill it! I need the location
of the next Pyke shipment.
Our intel confirmed
a Pyke cruiser arrived this morning.
I'm picking up unusual activity
on my sensors.
We don't know anything.
They killed the crew
and stole the payment.
It wasn't us. I swear it.
Where is Vario?
Supposedly in police custody.
No one's heard from him.
We don't know anything.
Give him a message from Marg Krim.
Drop it.
You're being detained for questioning.
Calling backup.
Open the crate. slowly.
I'm okay. Don't lose 'em.
Halt! You are under arrest.
X-Ten
remaining on site for cleanup.
Rylee!
- You're here.
- Oh. come on.
Like I'd miss this.
Uh... Gobo's parents saved you a seat.
No. I'm fine down here. man.
Closer to the action.
- Right.
- Rylee. you're up.
Go get 'em.
Huddle up!
Why are you following me?
I mean you no harm.
I'd like to speak with you.
About what?
My niece.
The one you apprehended.
Your niece?
Who are you?
I'm her uncle. Daki.
You want to tell me where she is?
I was hoping you could help me find out.
Perhaps you have some leads.
Even if I did. I couldn't tell you.
It's an ongoing investigation.
Good job. Rylee.
I want you to understand
that she's an innocent bystander
caught in the wrong place
at the wrong time
by an extremely dangerous individual.
What you know about him?
You should tread carefully.
He's something
you've never dealt with before.
Well. what does he want
with your... niece?
That. too. is a mystery.
Oh. great. Another one.
Got enough to worry about
around here as is.
Not easy being a lawman on Janix. is it?
Suppose the Empire
could help clean things up.
We don't want
that kind of attention around here.
Once they show up.
they're never gonna leave.
But I got a feeling
you're no fan of the Empire. either.
Am I right. Uncle Daki?
Captain. Code 93 at the docks.
What? I'm on my way.
And Rylee Lawson
scores another point!
Lawson! Lawson! Lawson!
Yeah. Rylee!
Rylee!
- Lawson!
- Rylee!
Rylee. take center!
I promised you
an opportunity.
Not interested.
I offer not only to train you
to reach your full potential.
but also because I need your help...
...to fight a common enemy.
The Empire?
The Jedi were once revered
protectors of the galaxy.
but now they are considered traitors.
Oh. how that must bite.
to live as a fugitive.
Hand to mouth.
Have you ever encountered
one of the Jedi hunters?
Are you even prepared?
I'll take my chances.
You okay. partner?
Captain. it was terrible.
I was almost destroyed.
and poor Officer Reb was injured.
You were correct. The Shadow Collective
is targeting the Pykes.
To what end. I do not know.
Their transport was headed
towards Sector 17-K.
Wade. get a sweep of Sector 17 to 24.
Due to this escalation.
it is imperative we alert the Empire.
No. this is our problem.
I recall situations of this magnitude that
warranted the attention of the Republic.
They would dispatch
a Jedi Knight to assist.
The Empire is not like the Republic.
Is there a rational basis
for this assertion. or is it personal.
seeing as your former wife
works for the Empire?
If the Empire comes in. they'll take over.
I've seen what they do.
They ruin lives.
If we're ill-equipped
to handle--
- Two-Boots. drop it.
- Perhaps that would be best--
That's an order. Do you understand?
You hear me?
Captain Lawson. I apologize.
It is not my intention
to supersede your authority.
My gizzard's gonna
start digesting itself
if I don't get something to eat
in the next rotation.
Ah! [chuckles softly] Okay.
There you are. Okay. I was thinking.
nerf filet. medium rare--
Do you ever stop?
You mean. like. my talking when I--
No. I... Well. no. actually.
I remember a time
where I felt like I was gonna stop
- and I didn't stop. No. I don't--
- Come with me.
The Pykes have been trying to contact you.
It's time for you to oblige them.
"Oblige them?"
Okay. and say what?
I'll tell you exactly what to say.
I want to hurt you. bad.
Imperator Krim. I have Looti Vario.
Hmm.
Hey. Magnificence.
You are either very foolish or very brave
to test my patience like this.
Apologies for my delayed response.
but here's the deal.
I wish to express grave regret
for the Janix situation.
and I'd like to explain.
The attack on your shipments had nothing
to do with me or my syndicate.
It was a group of rogue lieutenants
loyal to Nico Deemis.
Rogue lieutenants. you say?
Yes. I... I know what it sounds like.
but listen.
These were remnants
of his syndicate.
and they wanted to cause trouble for us.
But I assure you. like their former boss.
boom. they've been dealt with.
Now. I know that this ain't good
for business. so I wish to make amends.
I will personally deliver
the lost payments to you.
plus the value of the destroyed cargo.
Look. I'll do anything to assure you
that I remain a trusted associate
and that my syndicate once again
is the most
secure and reliable
smuggling operation in the galaxy.
Or at. you know. least the local system.
If this is one of your schemes.
I will send an army of Pykes
to capture and torture you
and then feed your remains
to my nexu horde.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Well. no. no. no. that.
that seems fair.
Get your droid under control.
He went over your head.
Came to me directly. demanding urgent
Imperial reinforcements.
Two-Boots has been
under a lot of pressure lately.
Well. he isn't wrong.
This may be escalating
out of our hands.
Chief. neither of us
wants the Empire here.
No. But what's worse?
The city under attack by a madman.
endangering innocent lives?
Might as well turn it over to the Empire.
We've got patrols searching
sector by sector
around the clock. We'll find him.
You better. I can only hold off
the Empire for so long.
And I'll handle Two-Boots.
Oh. for now.
Two-Boots is reassigned to desk duty.
You did not think
I would simply let you walk out of here?
Let me pass. I'm not afraid of you.
It's not that you are afraid.
It's that you are weak.
You have no purpose. no hope.
Your future was robbed from you.
yet you sit idle.
You are one of the few Jedi who survived.
Now you squander that gift.
Refusing your call to fight!
Your life is in ruin!
I'm going to need that back... Devon.